Release Cognitive Services Data Plane SDKs Round I (#4955)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/cognitiveservices/cognitiveservices-face/README.md

  const faceEndPoint = process.env["faceEndPoint"] || "<faceEndPoint>";
  const cognitiveServiceCredentials = new CognitiveServicesCredentials(faceKey);
  const client = new FaceClient(cognitiveServiceCredentials, faceEndPoint);
  const url =
    "https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3354326900/3a5168f2b45c07d0965098be1a4e3007.jpeg";
  const options: FaceModels.FaceDetectWithUrlOptionalParams = {
    returnFaceLandmarks: true
  };
  client.face
    .detectWithUrl(url, options)
    .then(result => {
      console.log("The result is: ");
      console.log(result);
    })
    .catch(err => {
      console.log("An error occurred:");
      console.error(err);
    });
}

main();
```

#### browser - Authentication, client creation and list personGroupPerson as an example written in JavaScript.

##### Sample code

- index.html
```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>@azure/cognitiveservices-face sample</title>
    <script src="node_modules/@azure/ms-rest-js/dist/msRest.browser.js"></script>
    <script src="node_modules/@azure/cognitiveservices-face/dist/cognitiveservices-face.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript">

>       const faceKey = "3821e8a46dac493da89a677aeb8b0015";

Reviewer: This shouldnt be hard coded

Author: @ramya-rao-a My bad.. Removed it and will deactivate the key

#### nodejs - Authentication, client creation and list personGroupPerson as an example written in TypeScript.

##### Install @azure/ms-rest-azure-js

```bash
npm install @azure/ms-rest-azure-js
```

##### Sample code

> The following sample lets you detect the facial features on the given image. To know more, Refer the [Azure Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/face/overview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sample detects the facial features on the given image. To know more, refer to the [Azure Documentation on Face APIs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/face/overview)
```
